# Federico Di Pasquale

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
	<title>Video Game Message Management Portfolio Project</title>
	
	<style>
		body {
			background-color: #F5E5FF;
		}
		h1 {
			color: #5D3954;
			text-align: center;
			font-size: 32px;
			margin-top: 50px;
		}
		p {
			color: #4A4A4A;
			font-size: 18px;
			line-height: 1.5;
			margin-top: 20px;
			margin-bottom: 20px;
			text-align: justify;
			margin-left: 50px;
			margin-right: 50px;
		}
	</style>
</head>
<body>
	<h1>Introduction</h1>
	<p>The video game industry is one of the most dynamic and fastest-growing industries today. With the popularity of online gaming, social media has become a key tool for users to share their opinions and experiences with other gamers. These opinions can be very valuable to video game companies, as they help them better understand the needs of their users and improve their products accordingly.</p>
	<p>However, managing all these messages can be a complex task. The messages can come in different formats, making it difficult to consolidate the information into a single database. Additionally, the volume of data generated by social media is enormous, making it difficult to manually analyze them. Therefore, the video game company is looking for a solution that will allow them to automate the process of collecting and managing messages, and thus obtain relevant information about their users.</p>
	<p>In this context, our portfolio project aims to develop an application that will allow the video game company to manage messages received from different games on social media. To achieve this, it is necessary to store all messages in the same format within a relational database, which will allow for the consolidation of information and more effective data analysis.</p>
	<p>To achieve this, we will use a combination of techniques such as web scraping to collect messages from social media, and different tools to process data such as Python and MySQL. The user interface we propose will allow users to load initial data into the database and perform queries on user comments, enabling them to obtain valuable information about the opinions and needs of their users.</p>
	<p>In summary, our portfolio project aims to help a video game company improve its data management and obtain valuable information about its users' opinions. We will use our skills in database management, programming, and data analysis to provide an effective and efficient solution that enables the company to gain a clearer and more comprehensive understanding of its users' needs and desires.</p>
  <h1>Origin and Data Description</h1>
<p>For our video game message management portfolio project, we used different sources of data to obtain a complete picture of user opinions.</p>
<p>First, we obtained a PlayStoreGameAppInfoReview.json file from the Play Store Game site, which contains information on user reviews and comments on the Google Play app store.</p>
<p>In addition, we used a metacritic_game_user_comments.csv file provided by the Metacritic Game site, which contains user comments on different games. Finally, we used the Beautiful Soup module to web scrape data from the game.es website.</p>
<p>In summary, we used different types of data, including JSON and CSV files, as well as web scraping techniques to obtain data from different sources. This allowed us to have a comprehensive and diverse view of user opinions on different games and video game applications.</p>

<h1>Data Preparing and Processing</h1>
<p>(Insert your text here)</p>
</body>
</html>
